Before beginning my reflection, I want to preface things by saying that this is an incomplete assignment.
Not all the skills that are required are demonstrated here, and there is much more that I would like to do.
However, in the interest of submitting something at a reasonable time and receiving an acceptable mark, 
I must conclude this project early.
If time permits, I may attempt a bit more in a second submission.
But for now, let's get onto the reflection.

There were a couple things here that gave me some trouble.
One of those things was getting the banner to appear as intended on the profile screen.
It took me a bit to get that and the overlapping profile picture to look good, as well as getting a drop shadow
below the banner.
On top of this, I also wanted to have a solid colour background for the banner to act as a fallback.
I wanted this in the event that the user doesn't set an image themselves.
Of course, this is all just static content at the moment. I just want to think ahead.
However, I digress.
What I'm trying to say is that having all these different elements working together as intended gave me a
bit of a challenge.
For this challenge, I asked ChatGPT for assistance.
I provided some context to the AI, and it gave a couple solutions.
I chose the solution that best fit what I wanted, and started playing around with things.
I personally like to ask ChatGPT for coding help on a regular basis, but copying and pasting code
doesn't feel right to me.
I have to make sure I actually understand what I'm working with before I use it.
Whether I get ChatGPT to teach me about a new concept, or I play around with the code myself, I pride myself
on truly knowing what I'm doing.
After tweaking some numbers to better fit the context of my app, I eventually got what I wanted.

The one new thing I really learned about during this assignment was 'StyleSheet.absoluteFillObject'.
It's a new piece of styling that I used a couple times while working on this project.
One time was with the profile banner, which was used on the image to fully lay on top of the fallback background.
Another time was when I used it on the images in my horizontal scroll on the discover screen.
There, I gave the images a dark tint so I could overlay some text on top.
This is definitely a concept that I can see myself using in the future.

I think this goes without saying, but given more time, I would like to actually meet the requirements of this assignment.
But assuming that I had completed everything I originally intended to do, I would've liked to create some dynamic content.
For example, When clicking each image on the discover screen, I would like to update the post view screen with the image
that you clicked.
Additionally, I would've updated artist info, post title, description, based on the image loaded.
It may be a tall order, but it's something I would've liked to have challenged myself with.