This was a tough assignment for me, and it took me much longer to do than I imagined it would.
One of the hardest parts about this assignment was figuring out the overall nuance of React Native.
There were several times where things simply weren't working out the way I thought it would.
An example of this was with getting the main image of the post to display properly.
It seemed like no matter what I did, whether I was working with aspect ratios or size percentages, the image would appear as intended.
It was always either cropped, or way too big and covered the whole screen.
Thankfully, since I'm working with static content in this assignment, I was able to get away with using exact numbers to determine the image's height and width.
I'd like to figure out a better solution in the future, but this one works for now.

There was a lot I learned about when doing this assignment.
One concept that I'd like to discuss is the "Animated" component.
I came across this component while trying to figure out how to give my like button a little animation.
I originally thought the solution would require some complex JSX and styling manipulation to get what I wanted.
However, after learning that there's already a component that I can use for making simple animations, I felt a whole lot better.
Looking into how it's used, it seemed pretty easy to understand, as someone who generally struggles when it comes to understanding JavaScript and JSX.
Will this little animation give me any more marks on this assignment? Probably not.
Am I focusing on the wrong things? Absolutely.
Was it something I'm glad I learned about anyway? Yes, I think it was worth my time in the long run.

If given more time on this assignment, I'd probably look more into the functionality of this screen.
Updating the screen when you want to post a comment, creating a stack when you want to view a different image, and having the follow button actually do something.
These are all things I would like to do.
Granted, most of these would either require having more screens, or using concepts not yet discussed for this assignment.
But hey, I think it's good to be ambitious.
After all, mobile apps are about the interactions you put into them.